# Walpee

Walpee is a wallpaper application built with Expo and React Native. It allows users to browse, search, and filter high-quality images, and provides options to download, share, or close an image modal. The app is designed with a clean and user-friendly interface, supporting advanced filter options and pagination for an efficient browsing experience.

## Features

**Browse Wallpapers:** Explore a wide range of wallpapers categorized by different themes such as backgrounds, fashion, nature, science, etc.

**Search Bar:** Easily search for specific wallpapers using keywords.

**Advanced Filters:** Customize your wallpaper search with filters for:

- **Order:** Popular or Latest
- **Orientation:** Horizontal or Vertical
- **Type:** Photo, Illustration, or Vector
- **Colors:** Select from a palette of colors

**Image Modal:** Tap on any wallpaper to open it in a modal with the following options:

- **Download:** Save the image to your device
- **Share:** Share the image with others
- **Close:** Close the modal to return to browsing

**Pagination:** Load images efficiently with pagination, ensuring that not all images load at once, improving performance and user experience.

## Wireframes

## Screenshots

## Installation

To run Walpee locally, follow these steps:

- Clone the repository:

  ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/subx6789/walpee.git
   cd walpee
  ```

- Install dependencies:

  ```bash
   npm install
  ```

- Start the Expo development server:

  ```bash
   npx expo start
  ```

## Run the app:

Scan the QR code generated by Expo in your terminal using the Expo Go app on your mobile device.
Alternatively, you can run the app on an iOS or Android emulator.

## Usage

- Open the app and tap on let's explore button to browse the latest wallpapers.
- Use the search bar to find specific images.
- Apply filters to narrow down your search.
- Tap on any image to open it in a modal and access the download, share, and close options.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas or suggestions, feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

## My App

**Link:** [Walpee](https://expo.dev/accounts/subx6789/projects/walpee/builds/da86aa91-0b97-479d-91e1-04ea910f4b67)
